Aina (Scandinavian origin), meaning ‘eternal’.
Astrid (Scandinavian origin), this Norse name means ‘stunning goddess’.
Berthe (German origin), this name means ‘famous’
Brenn (Scandinavian origin), meaning ‘raven’.
Brendette (Scandinavian origin), meaning ‘sword’.
Brimlad (Anglo Saxon origin), this name means ‘seaway’.
Brita (Scandinavian origin), meaning ‘dignified’ or ‘noble’  
Chara (Latin origin), meaning ‘free’.
Dagmar (Scandinavian origin), meaning ‘glorious’.
Dagny (Scandinavian origin), this name is used to indicate a fresh, new day.
Ebbe (Scandinavian origin), meaning ‘courageous’.
Edlen (English origin), this popular name translates to a ‘noble waterfall’.
Erlene (English origin), meaning ‘princess’.
Garda (Scandinavian origin), meaning ‘shelter’.
Gerde (Scandinavian origin), meaning ‘protected’.
Hedda (German origin), meaning ‘conflict’.
Helga (Scandinavian origin), meaning ‘a revered woman’.
Hertha (English origin), this Norse inspired name translates to ‘Earth’.
Kindra (Scandinavian origin), this name carries the meaning ‘the greatest champion’.
Svana (Scandinavian origin), meaning ‘like a swan’.
Ulka (German origin), this name means ‘the home’s authority’.
Brynhildr (Old Norse), meaning ‘shield battle’.
Geirdriful (Old Norse), meaning ‘spear thrower’.
Göndul (Old Norse), meaning ‘wand commander’.
Gunnr (Old Norse), meaning ‘war’.
Herja (Old Norse), meaning ‘devastate’.
Hervör Alvitr (Old Norse), meaning ‘sage’.
Hrist (Old Norse), meaning ‘the shuddering one’.
Kára (Old Norse), meaning ‘the rough, stormy one’.
Mist (Old Norse), meaning ‘cloud’.
Prima (Old Norse), meaning ‘battle’.
Randgrid (Old Norse), meaning ‘shield demolisher’.
Reginleif (Old Norse), meaning ‘daughter of the Gods’.
Sigrdrífa (Old Norse), meaning ‘triumph inciter’.
Sigrún (Old Norse), this Old Norse inspired name is a reference to ‘the triumph symbol’.
Skögul (Old Norse), meaning ‘high soaring’.
Svipul (Old Norse), meaning ‘varying’.
Róta (Old Norse), meaning ‘hail and tempest’.
Angrboda (Norse origin), meaning ‘someone who announces grief’, she was Loki’s lover 
Astrilde (Norse origin), is the Norse Goddess of love. The name means ‘burning love’.
Atla (Norse origin), meaning ‘water’. She is the aqua Goddess.
Borghild - (Norse origin), derived from the Norse elements ‘borg’, meaning refuge,
Eir (Norse origin), meaning ‘clemency’. She is the Goddess of healing and medicine.
Eisa (Scandinavian origin), meaning ‘burning fire’. She is the offspring of the trickster, Loki.
Elli (Norse origin), she is the representation of old age in Norse mythology. The name means ‘eternity’.
Embla (Norse origin), meaning ‘elm tree’. She was formed from a tree.
Eostre (German origin), this Norse inspired name is from the ‘Goddess of dawn’.
Freya (Old Norse), meaning ‘lady’. This powerful Old Norse name represents the Goddess of love,
Frigg (Norse origin), meaning ‘beloved’. She is the Goddess of the Earth.
Gejfun (Norse origin), this name carries the meaning of ‘pure’. She is the Goddess of chastity.
Gerd (Norse origin), meaning ‘enclosure’. She is the Goddess of fecundity.
Grid (Norse origin), meaning ‘harmony’. She is a frost giantess in Norse mythology.
Groa (Norse origin), derived from the Old Norse word ‘groa’, which means ‘to grow’.
Gudrun (Norse origin), meaning God’s ‘secret love’. She is the wife of Greek God Sigurd.
Heidrun (Old Norse), meaning ‘vibrant’
Hel (Old Norse), she is the trickster Loki’s offspring
Hlin (Old Norse), meaning ‘fortification’. She is the Goddess of consolation.
Hulda (Norse origin), meaning ‘secrecy’. Hulda is an enchanter in Norse mythology.
Idunn (Norse origin), meaning ‘spring’. This name is the sentinel of the golden apples.
Joro (Norse origin), she is the Goddess of the Earth.
Laga (Norse origin), this beautiful Old Norse name represents the Goddess of spring.
Lofn (Norse origin), meaning ‘permission’. She is the Goddess of prohibited love.
Lounn (Norse origin), she is the Goddess of youth in Norse mythology.
Nanna (Norse origin), this Old Norse name is derived from the Norse word ‘nanp’, which means ‘bold’.
Nerthus (Norse origin), this is the Norse name of the Goddess of fertility and peace.
Nott (Norse origin), this woman is the representation of the night in Norse mythology
Ran (Norse origin), meaning ‘plundering’. She is the sea Goddess. She is harsh and causes storms.
Saga (Norse origin), meaning ‘history’. This Goddess is the foundation of the world epic.
Sigyn (Norse origin), this is the Old Norse name for the Goddess of fidelity. Sigyn means ‘triumphant’.
Siv (Norse origin), her name means ‘bride’ in Old Norse.
Sjofn (Norse origin), this Norse name is inspired by the Goddess of love, marital harmony, and passion.